template: add operating at scale specific considerations (#1561)
openshift/enhancements: guidelines/enhancement_template.md

  - Namespaces deletion will not delete all objects in etcd, leading to zombie
    objects when another namespace with the same name is created.

#### Operating at scale

> It is of special relevance the declarative nature of APIs when operating
> features on multiple clusters. If applicable, reason about any peculiarity to
> the API that does not follow this principle and thus may require specific
> considerations when operated at scale.

Reviewer: This section could be more direct and straightforward. Here's some suggested wording based on both of your new paragraphs.

```suggestion
Simple, declarative APIs are especially important when operating features on multiple clusters such as through ACM or in our managed services products. Consider how this API will work at scale, especially in automated systems without a human administrator.  For example, if using the API requires multiple changes to resources in a specific sequence that will increase the complexity of automation built on top of the API.

Can the API be used through a simple GitOps atomic update or does it require more complex interaction?

How does the user know when the effect of their API change is completely rolled out? Do they need to watch more than one resource?

Are the inputs based on values that must be computed uniquely for each cluster?
```

Author: Certainly does look better. @jewzaam what do you think about it?

For example, the workflow to operate the feature may comprise of several steps
of different nature instead of a single declarative express of intention. A
service reliability engineer would prefer for this not to be the case but if it

> must be, he might require additional knowledge to enable the automation of those

Reviewer 2: If there's an underlying assumption that automation is possible, why is it not considered as a part of the feature change?  If the steps require customer to take more than one action and/or could cause service degredation it's work a sync with SD on what those implications are.  Ideal state, we do not build something that cannot be used as intended.  To that end, more engagement up front such as the other note in this PR to include other parties like SD is important.

Author: I guess this is what this comment is trying to say.

First, that if at all possible, the feature should be automated through a single declarative express of intention.
Second, that if that's is not possible, engagement with SD teams might be required to look into the implications of not doing so.

Perhaps it could be expressed better, but that is what I am trying to say here.
